fixes https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/issues/5203 (#5204)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/observe/api-manager/traces/monitoring-with-opentracing.md

    20:19:47,019 [-] [PassThroughMessageProcessor-15] TRACE {"Latency":83,"Operation":"API:Response_Latency","Tags":{"span.resource":"/menu","span.kind":"server","span.api.name":"PizzaShackAPI","span.consumerkey":"Fn9RGuFeefEe7W07jOq_mvQvLJwa","span.request.method":"GET","span.request.path":"pizzashack/1.0.0/menu","span.api.version":"1.0.0","span.activity.id":"urn:uuid:339f337a-8848-41ec-adba-73da367fa66e"}}
    
    ```

## Using the Custom Tracer Implementation

> In order to demonstrate this functionality, let's take a scenario with the implementation of Elastic APM (Application Performance Monitoring).

Author: @tharindu1st , is it correct to have the term "elastic APM" here?

> In order to demonstrate this functionality, let's take a scenario with the implementation of Elastic APM (Application Performance Monitoring).

Author: ```suggestion
You can use any tracing server with a custom tracer implementation in WSO2 API Manager to publish your tracing data. As an example, let's use the Elastic APM (Application Performance Monitoring), which is a tracing server, and let's implement a custom tracer in WSO2 API Manager for it using the instructions given below:
```

2. Build the maven project and add the jar file to the dropins directory. (`<API-M_HOME>/repository/components/dropins`)

3. Add the following configuration into the `deployment.toml` file.

    ```toml tab="Format"
    [apim.open_tracer]
    remote_tracer.enable = true
    remote_tracer.name = <custom_tracer_name>
    ```

    ```toml tab="Example"
    [apim.open_tracer]
    remote_tracer.enable = true
    remote_tracer.name = "elastic"
    ```

4. Add the elastic opentracer jar file to the lib directory (`<API-M_HOME>/repository/components/lib`). It can be downloaded from [here](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/co.elastic.apm/apm-opentracing). 

    !!! tip
        Elastic opentracing also requires the addition of a java agent. This can be added by altering the startup script. Make sure to check the documentation for the tracer you are using so that such requirements can be satisfied. 

5. Start the server.

>      After you invoke the APIs tracing data will be published to elastic APM.

Reviewer: After you invoke the APIs tracing data will be published to the configured tracing server.

>      After you invoke the APIs tracing data will be published to elastic APM.

Author: ```suggestion
     After you invoke the APIs, the tracing data will be published to the configured tracing server.
```

>      After you invoke the APIs, the tracing data will be published to the configured tracing server.

Author: ```suggestion
     After you invoke the APIs, the tracing data will be published to the configured tracing server, which in this example is the Elastic APM.
```
